feat: add orientation param #62 (#63)
hCaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha: README.md

| name | purpose |
| --- | --- |
| expired | passcode response expired and the user must re-verify, or did not answer before session expired |
| error | there was an error displaying the challenge |
| cancel | the user closed the challenge |
| open | the visual challenge was opened |

Any other string returned by `onMessage` will be a passcode.

### Handling the post-issuance expiration lifecycle

This extension is a lightweight wrapper, and does not currently attempt to manage post-verification state in the same way as the web JS API, e.g. with an on-expire callback.

In particular, if you do **not** plan to immediately consume the passcode returned by submitting it to your backend, you should start a timer to let your application state know that a new passcode is required when it expires.

By default, this value is 120 seconds. So, an `expired` error will be emitted to `onMessage` if you haven't called `event.markUsed()`.

> Once you've utilized hCaptcha's token, call `markUsed` on the event object in `onMessage`, like `event.markUsed()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've utilized hCaptcha's token, call `markUsed` on the event object in `onMessage`, like `event.markUsed()`.
```

@CAMOBAP please add example code

Author: Done

### Handling errors and retry

> In case of an `error`, you can `reset` hCaptcha by calling `event.reset()`` to perform another attempt at verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app encounters an `error` event, you can reset the hCaptcha SDK flow by calling `event.reset()`` to perform another attempt at verification.
```

Author: Applied
